# Steering Council Community Update
July 2019 through October 2019


## July recap:
- PSF and the Steering Council worked on a proposal to hire a project manager to help with Python 2 EOL communication. The proposal was approved by the PSF Board and Changeset Consulting was contracted to help with this work. Progress is being tracked [here](https://github.com/orgs/python/projects/1#card-26091749)
- Release cadence discussions happened.
- [PEP 1](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0001/)’s copyright/license section was updated to include a dual license of public domain and CC0-1.0-Universal.


## August recap:
- [PEP 572](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0572/) was [updated to replace `TargetScopeError` to `SyntaxError`](https://github.com/python/peps/commit/cd292d89972476fa485a8ac1b14c1ed85b8c4867)
- Vision document review and update happened. 
- Release cadence discussions happened.
- Steering Council helped answer inquiries about proposed Python 2 EOL page.
- Steering Council reviewed the newly approved PSF Code of Conduct.


## September recap:
- Slide deck “Vision Doc” was created based off of the original Vision Document and was discussed by the Steering Council. The Steering Council decided to continue in this direction.
- The Steering Council discussed the Core Dev promotion topic and [it was suggested by the Steering Council](https://discuss.python.org/t/concerns-about-how-we-vote-on-new-core-developers/2351/19) that the Core Devs create a Work Group to work on that
- A timeline was selected for the Steering Council election and [informed the Core Devs](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-committers@python.org/thread/PLDUMAJOLHM5W6FWOMSGUBN2Q7Z6D3JM/)
- Release cadence discussions happened
- [Core Dev Sprint in London recap](http://pyfound.blogspot.com/2019/10/cpython-core-developer-sprint-2019.html)


## October recap: 
- Steering Council discussed the new Code of Conduct and agreed that it should be sent out to the python-committers@ and python-dev@ [mailing lists](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-committers@python.org/thread/6QIMLZ65D2HVBRGXRMOF2KOLFRXH4IRG/)
- Steering Council plans on presenting the Vision Deck at PyCon pending any changes made by future Steering Council.
- Steering Council discussed the proposal made by [Thomas Wouters](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-committers@python.org/thread/UWOU47BVULIOZHEOFWGVVQG6LPEXTDNG/) for approval voting. The Steering Council guided Thomas in the direction of a [PR](https://github.com/python/peps/pull/1197) and a formal vote. That resulted in a change to [PEP 13](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0013/) stating core team members can vote for zero or more of the candidates for the Steering Council.
- Steering Council discussed communal ownership of Python repo. It was decided that the Steering Council will send an email to python-committers about the topic. Brett [sent the email on Nov 6](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-committers@python.org/message/DCKAPZVXEQHP7OPS3GLEVNDXMXX5QAE6/).
- Steering Council met with GitHub team about the b.p.o. migration, PEP [581](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0581/)/[588](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0588/) plan and discussed next steps. Next steps for Python include finding a point person to lead the work (will be a project manager), the Steering Council to find out more information about search features and how mapping will work.
- The SC reviewed and discussed PEP 602 (1 year release cycle proposal by Łukasz Langa) and PEP 605 (Nick Coghlan and Steve Dower's 2 year proposal) and selected [PEP 602](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0602/).
- [PEP 484](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0484/) policy for inclusion of stubs in typeshed was discussed and the [PR](https://github.com/python/peps/pull/1218/) around it. It was decided that a sentence would be changed to make type stubs an opt-out situation and not opt-in. 
- [PEP 608](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0608/) and [discussion](https://discuss.python.org/t/rfc-pep-608-coordinated-python-release/2539) were reviewed by the Steering Council. It was decided that the PEP as is would be rejected, but that the buildbot CI option will work. Nick has responded to the [discussion on Discourse](https://discuss.python.org/t/rfc-pep-608-coordinated-python-release/2539/22) with the decision and suggestion.
- It was decided that Ewa will help put together the Community Updates so they happen monthly. 

## Discussing PEPs in Threads Listed in the `Post-History` Header

- Review the PEP's `Post-History` header for discussion threads.
- Discuss PEPs in the appropriate threads to gather community feedback and insights.
- Emphasize the importance of community feedback and discussion.
