# Steering Council Community Update for November - December 2019

## November recap:
- Steering Council assigned one another tasks to check-in on and clean up 29 open PEPs in November (Nov 5 and Nov 12 meetings). See [PEP repo](https://github.com/python/peps/) for details.
- Steering Council decided that going forward, only one person will need to approve the minutes and the group will try to rotate that responsibility. Additionally, to keep meetings efficient we will: 
    -  1. have a person responsible for the agenda to make sure the agenda is accurate and timed appropriately
    -  2. have a person run the actual meeting to make sure we stay on topic and cut discussions when topics go over time.
- Steering Council discussed ideas on how to lower the count of PRs. It was decided that Brett would start a discussion on Discourse with the idea to close enhancement PRs. This has been done [here](https://discuss.python.org/t/automatically-close-all-enhancement-prs-for-code-lacking-an-expert/2697). At a later time, it was decided the idea would be shut down since many folks did not approve.
- Steering Council discussed how a hiring plan can coincide with the Vision Deck and how it would work with sponsor/corporate collaborations. The Vision Deck is an overview document the Steering Council is drafting, which will help develop Python's roadmap for the next 5 years. Goal is to have the Vision Deck complete by PyCon 2020.
- Steering Council had a brief discussion about encouraging more candidates to run for the next steering council and that everyone would work on raising awareness for this.

## December recap:
- The Steering Council reviewed [PEP 584](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0584/) (“Add + and += operators to the built-in dict class”) and decided that Guido would let the PEP authors know | and |= was preferred and that the PEP needed some editing. [This was done](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-ideas@python.org/message/P46F7NKO2EG6M4ZGFAKKWDSYEVVIBQR5/). At a later time it was decided that Guido will be BDFL-Delegate.
- The Steering Council decided it would meet after the 2020 Steering Council vote ended. The Steering Council will meet December 10 and December 17th. The hand-off meeting will happen the first week of January. Ewa will send out a Doodle for the first full week of January once the new Steering Council members are known. It was decided that on January 8th, 2020 the Steering Council will have a hand-off meeting between the 2019 team and 2020 team.
- Steering Council decided that we would send out ballots to Marc-Andre Lemburg, Alex Martelli, and Kurt B. Kaiser. [Brett responded to thread](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-committers@python.org/message/HK4LNQEA3CMSZTGOZTC766NIS4CNPG7O/) noting this decision and future plans for [PEP 13](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0013/). 
- Steering Council discussed [PEP 611](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0611/). Barry [emailed the python-dev@ list](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/message/KY46EXGLKNTFMQZXKHMMYWD2GIM5PDL5/) with the outcome of the discussion.
- Steering Council discussed PyPI’s typosquatting issues.
- Group discussed the status of the GitHub migration plan. Ewa drafted a job description for the Project Manager role to help with the GitHub migration for the Dec 17th SC meeting. The Steering Council reviewed it and Ewa scheduled a call with the GitHub team for late January for next steps.
- Steering Council decided to keep Zulip since the Packaging-wg plans on using it. We will re-evaluate usage next year. Guido informed the [Discourse thread](https://discuss.python.org/t/should-we-continue-using-zulip/2816/7). Brett [posted an announcement](https://python.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/116742-core.2Fhelp/topic/Engagement.20here.20might.20be.20winding.20down) in Zulip.

## Discussing PEPs in Threads Listed in the `Post-History` Header

- Review the PEP's `Post-History` header for discussion threads.
- Discuss PEPs in the appropriate threads to gather community feedback and insights.
- Emphasize the importance of community feedback and discussion.
