# Steering Council Community Update for January - October 2020


## January recap:

- New Steering Council members were given appropriate access, brought up to
  speed on meeting flow, and given updates on the GitHub migration plan and
  vision document. Exiting Steering Council members were removed from GitHub
  and mailing list. Thomas and Victor will read through past documents and
  links to catch up.

- With regards to the Vision Document, Thomas brought up the importance of
  considering different implementations when talking about Python's future.
  Carol and Brett brought up work groups and how this may be the solution
  for such focused work.

- Steering Council discussed Ewa's question about handling interview
  requests that the PSF receives. It was decided that these requests would
  get [posted in the public Steering Council
  repo](https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues) as issues.

- The group discussed how it will deliver the vision plan at PyCon. It was
  decided one person would deliver the slides and then a group Q&A would
  happen.

- The group discussed getting core devs involved in the Vision planning and
  settled on doing a survey. Brett created a draft, which was eventually
  [sent out to
  python-committers@](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-committers@python.org/thread/XJ373N2H5O2OXMEQEEGYIIZ3U7RNHVHJ/#XJ373N2H5O2OXMEQEEGYIIZ3U7RNHVHJ)

- The group discussed the importance of packaging and how the Steering
  Council can help. Brett mentioned the Packaging Summit at PyCon and stated
  that the Steering Council should attend to see how it can help.

- The group discussed inactive core developers, as defined by PEP 13, and
  how to model the process without disenfranchising people.

- Victor briefly discussed the issue of backward compatibility breakages in
  3.9.

- Steering Council discussed PEP 613 (explicit type aliases)’s
  pronouncement.

- Ewa gave an update on GitHub migration and it was decided we would take
  the approach of an open "request for resumes" phase. Ewa is still waiting
  to hear back on financial support.

- With regards to the GitHub migration, the group briefly discussed how
  batch closing open issues may work and whether closed bugs should be
  migrated. Nothing was decided.


## February recap

- The Steering Council reviewed all open PEPs.

- The Steering Council briefly discussed the core dev survey and it was
  decided Ewa would send a reminder to core devs on February 10th.

- The Steering Council discussed documentation governance and it was decided
  Thomas would ask Ned B. to talk to Mariatta and see if he can work with
  Carol on a presentation for the Language Summit. Later, Carol gave an
  update of the documentation discussion and the idea of having an editorial
  group may help. Everyone Carol has discussed this idea with, thinks it is
  a good idea.

- Ewa proposed we create a Work Group for the GitHub migration project. Ewa
  will work on a charter.

- Steering Council discussed how to address core developers taking ownership
  of certain projects and how we can better improve tooling to help prevent
  these kinds of hurdles.

- Steering Council accepted PEP 584 (add union operators to dict). Barry is
  notifying Guido.

- Steering Council reviewed the core developer survey results. The next
  steps are to figure out how to structure paid development. Ewa is going to
  discuss with Ernest to see if he is interested in Project Managing this.


## March recap:

- Steering Council discussed PEP 614 (relaxing grammar restrictions on
  decorators) and is waiting to hear from Victor on it.

- Steering Council had a call with Ernest to discuss managing hired help for
  CPython and how that would work.

- Steering Council discussed what it will present at PyCon US 2020.

- Ewa updated the SC on PyCon’s status due to COVID-19

- The Steering Council met with Carl Shapiro to discuss what Instagram is
  doing to improve the performance of Python.

- SC accepted PEP 585 (type hinting generics in standard collections) and
  Victor sent a notification:
  https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/message/HW2NFOEMCVCTAFLBLC3V7MLM6ZNMKP42/.

- SC discussed PEP 615 (support for the IANA time zone database in the
  standard library) and Barry will take the lead on communications.

- SC decided another reminder about the Code of Conduct Work Group was
  necessary to encourage folks to report micro-aggressions. Brett [sent a
  reminder](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/thread/V7LJMKMTYMO4ZBDGR5YY7IFMDIRSKUAC/#V7LJMKMTYMO4ZBDGR5YY7IFMDIRSKUAC).

- Victor gave an update on a mentee and Ewa gave an update on PyCon's plans
  for April.


## April recap:

- SC discussed PEPs 615 (support for the IANA time zone database in the
  standard library), 616 (string methods to remove prefixes and suffixes),
  and 617 (new PEG parser for CPython), and eventually approved them.

- SC discussed PEP 13's policy for promoting core developers. The group
  decided that the policy should be changed to a private ballot for core dev
  promotion and then public results.

- SC discussed Dong-hee Na promotion and everyone is in agreement about the
  promotion.

- SC discussed needing a policy for what does and doesn't belong in the
  standard library. Group agreed to circle back to this after the Python
  Vision presentation is complete.

- Ewa gave an update on the GitHub migration project. Things are on hold
  until the end of April.

- The Steering Council discussed [Kyle Stanley's
  promotion](https://discuss.python.org/t/vote-to-promote-kyle-stanley/3839)
  and that everyone is in support.

- SC discussed a "minimum viable Python" WG, which stemmed from Russell
  Keith Magee's Language Summit presentation.

- SC discussed the kick off of the Python Docs WG. Carol will work on a
  charter.

- SC will record a PyCon US 2020 Online talk May 11. A call for questions
  [has been
  posted](https://discuss.python.org/t/collecting-questions-for-a-steering-council-q-a/4010/2).


## May recap:

- The Steering Council discussed Eric's question about PEP 554 (multiple
  Interpreters in the stdlib). It was decided Victor would loop in Antoine
  and send SC motivations. - Steering Council discussed the Minimum Viable
  Python WG. The SC agrees the WG should concentrate on defining the
  requirements for claiming/validating "this is a Python" and defining the
  changes to CPython's core or the language spec needed to support "this is
  a Python".

- Carol gave an update on the Documentation WG, Carol and Ned are currently
  working through their draft document.

- Ewa launched the call for résumés for the GitHub Migration plan.

- The Steering Council closed the ["Ask the SC a
  question"](https://discuss.python.org/t/collecting-questions-for-a-steering-council-q-a/4010)
  thread and is planning on recording their PyCon 2020 presentation May 11.

- SC discussed the Release Manager role in general, possible candidates for
  3.10/3.11, and possible future candidates. Barry will email the cabal
  mailing list and will email Pablo to gauge his interest.

- Ewa update the SC on GitHub migration work and will send a summary to the
  SC mailing list.


## June recap:

- Ewa updated the Steering Council on the GitHub Migration work: over 150
  applicants for the WG and 10+ resumes expected for Project Manager role.

- Barry officially recorded that Pablo agreed to be the Release Manager for
  3.10 and 3.11.

- Steering Council discussed Guido's concern with PEP 554 (multiple
  Interpreters in the stdlib), sub-interpreters, and C API work. Group
  decided that the work being done is useful regardless of the outcome of
  the PEP.

- Ewa gave an update on the GitHub migration project and the group approved
  the selection of the Work Group members.

- Discussed candidates for GitHub project. Ezio was the preferred candidate.

- Discussed PEP delegate process. Action item: Carol will amend PEP 1 with
  language for proposed delegates to notify the steering council.

- Approved Guido as delegate for PEP 618 (add optional length-checking to
  zip).

- Discussed the CZI grant process and potential projects:
  https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues/26

- The Steering Council did a review of all open PEPs and assigned each other
  follow-ups.

- The Steering Council discussed if a community survey is worthwhile to
  determine a list of CPython priorities. The group will ping Carol for an
  update and once everyone reviews, it will be placed in a public space (SC
  public repo and on the donation page)

- Steering Council discussed moderation of PEP 8 discussion and instructed
  Ernest to turn on moderation via Ewa.

- Steering Council discussed PEP 609 (PyPA governance) and decided no
  further action was needed from the SC until the PEP is finalized.

- Ewa updated the Steering Council on the GitHub migration project. Ewa and
  contractor are working on the contract details.


## July recap:

- Steering Council (minus Thomas, per CoC WG recommendation) discussed the
  PEP 8 threads on python-dev and python-ideas, and the CoC WG’s
  recommendations. Steering Council decided that it will send the CoC WG's
  recommended shared statement to all core developers reminding them of the
  code of conduct (once it is approved by PSF and CoC WG). Additionally, the
  SC discussed a 3 month ban for one of the core developers. SC drafted the
  email to the individual and then the Steering Council will notify
  python-committers@ of the temporary ban as well. The plan is that Ernest
  will be removing the individual from access to certain platforms.

- Steering Council discussed how the joint Code of Conduct statement can be
  made and arrangements were made for the emails to be sent from
  steering-council@ instead of anyone's individual email address (same for
  the email to the individual receiving the 3-month ban). Group discussed
  and decided how the 3 month ban will be executed.

- The group discussed https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues/26
  and decided on core dev in residence & single binary distributions.

- Steering Council decided to not change the commit message per
  https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues/31 and that no changes
  need to be made to the Dev Guide

- SC agreed to make Guido PEP delegate for PEP 604 (complementary syntax for
  Union[]).


## August recap:

- The Steering Council discussed open CoC issues and determined that the SC
  must stay involved in the CoC enforcement business otherwise things will
  not improve. Thomas, on behalf of the SC, is going to check in on the
  author of the PEP 8 commit message.

- The group discussed PEP 622 (structural pattern matching) and decided to
  leave comments in a Google Doc, subsequently shared with the PEP authors.
  The PEP authors joined a Steering Council call to discuss feedback of the
  PEP and how it can move forward.

- Steering Council discussed if they have a stance on commit messages. Brett
  drafted a response and submitted it to [the open
  issue](https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues/34)

- SC provided input to the PSF Funding WG for the CZI grant request, which
  was subsequently sent in.

- Steering Council received a recommendation from the Conduct WG regarding
  core developer S.K., discussed the situation, and decided on conditions,
  actions and a timeframe.


## September recap:

- The Steering Council sent the initial email regarding CoC violations to
  S.K., and had a short follow-up discussion with them. Despite the original
  timeframe, group decided to wait until Oct 5 to hear from S.K. before
  further steps are taken.

- SC asked Pablo to be PEP delegate for PEP 626 (Precise line numbers).

- Ewa gave an update on the GitHub migration plan. A contract has been
  decided on and the work will begin in a couple of weeks.

- SC discussed sponsor tiers on GitHub.

- Google is going to sponsor the core dev sprints.

- SC discussed a specific internship opportunity for working on CPython,
  facilitated by Ernest. Asyncio was decided to be the top priority for the
  internship work.

- Group reviewed what standard library discussions lay ahead and that Brett
  still plans on documenting what can be called Python or a subset of
  Python.

- Group discussed 2020 SC Elections: we will use the same timeline and same
  process as last year. Ernest will add Joe as election co-administrator.

- Ewa updated the SC on GitHub Migration work: Ezio created a GitHub
  Project. Ezio will want to join a future SC meeting to discuss how to best
  approach transparency. Additionally, we discussed the need to document how
  we can move our data elsewhere if ever needed in the future. Ewa has
  shared this sentiment with Ezio.


## October recap:

- Ezio joined the Steering Council call to discuss the GitHub issue
  migration project.

- Barry will be sending a thank you email to Larry for being release
  manager. An email to Łukasz will also be sent once he is done.

- Steering Council voted to eject S.K. as core developer, and drafted a
  reply to the thread about S.K.’s resignation to share the SC’s actions and
  point of view.

- Steering Council discussed how ejected core devs can be noted in the
  Developer Log. Additionally, the group decided that if/when a core dev is
  ejected, the SC should vote on it.

- CZI grant request (https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues/26)
  was declined.

