# August 2
- The Steering Council met with Developer-in-Residence to discuss progress. The
  group also discussed what the focus should be going forward and that
  strategic approaches need to be considered for PRs instead of individual
  review.
- The Steering Council and Ewa discussed the lack of progress on the GitHub
  migration project. The contractor will be meeting with the SC and Ewa next
  week to discuss progress and a timeline to wrap up the project by end of
  October 2021.
- Thomas has several todos that he will take care of this week and he will also
  reach out the [PEP 505](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0505/)(None-aware operators)
  authors to get a status update.

# August 9
- The Steering Council had a meeting with the GitHub issues PM to learn why
  there has been a long period of no progress and advise what needs to be done
  next. The SC also discussed with Ezio a deadline of Oct 31 to complete the
  migration.
- After the call, the SC had a debrief to review how we would proceed and
  whether or not we wanted to search for alternative options to complete the
  project.
- Ewa drafted an email for Ezio on next steps for the SC to review. The email
  has been sent and Ezio is working on the deliverables. Ewa and Ezio also had
  a call with one of our GitHub reps on import tooling.

# August 16
- The Steering Council met with the Developer-in-Residence, where they gave an
  update on their work as well as an update on where the data analytics is
  heading. The group also discussed typing annotations and how to approach
  existing the PEPs and migration paths.
- The Steering Council decided Thomas would be sending the drafted note to the
  author of [PEP 648](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0648/)(Extensible
  customizations of the interpreter at startup) on Aug 17.
- The group checked-in on [PEP 649](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0649/)(
  Deferred Evaluation Of Annotations Using Descriptors) and after some
  deliberation decided that a wider discussion is necessary on how these are
  handled. Barry suggested a workgroup to analyze things and Pablo mentioned
  the SC making sure that all relevant actors that need to be part of that
  discussion are present.
- Carol is going to ping Nathaniel and give him until the end of August to
  submit a counter proposal to [PEP 654](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0654/)(
  Exception Groups and except*).

# August 23
- Ewa scheduled a check-in with Ezio for August 30th
- SC discussed the code of conduct situation with M.S. and decided on a one
  year ban.
- SC brought up October 2021 sprints. They will be virtual. The group will
  continue discussing.

# August 23
- The Steering Council met with the Developer-in-Residence to discuss progress
  and obstacles. They also discussed the CLA work flow and that ≈Åukasz will
  communicate with Yury as they were building something similar for EdgeDB.
- The Steering Council met with Ezio to discuss his progress with the GitHub
  migration project. The SC advised Ezio as to what the priority projects are.
