# March 1
- Steering Council synced up on the rejection draft for PEP 651. Group
  discussed the importance of conveying that all aspects of the proposal
  were reviewed and the decision is a holistic one. Group will continue
  working on the draft and will sync up via Slack during the week so it can
  be sent out.
- The Steering Council discussed PEP 648. Barry created a doc and the group
  will consolidate feedback+questions into this document. Then the Steering
  Council will post this on Discourse as well as to python-dev@.
- The Steering Council extensively discussed PEP 637. The group decided that
  it would reject the PEP based on the PEPs costs not being worth the
  benefits.
- The Steering Council also discussed typing in general and who should own it.
- Next week the SC will vote on the Documentation Work Group's charter.

# March 8
- The Steering Council discussed Mark's response to the rejection of PEP 651.
- The group also discussed the notification for PEP 637.
- The group approved PEP 624 & PEP 597.
- The Steering Council discussed PEP 644 and decided further communication
  was needed with Christian.
- The Steering Council voted on and approved the Documentation Work Group.
- The group discussed moving `master` to `main` and decided it needed to be
  done. The SC discussed communication around this change.

# March 15
- Thomas updated the notifications for PEP 597, PEP 624 and PEP 637, and
  sent out the notifications March 15th.
- Group checked in on the draft for PEP 648. Thomas has more text to add to it.
- The Steering Council discussed what kind of presentation they will give at
  PyCon US. The group decided on a combination of presentation and Q&A. Team
  is working on an outline. SC members were also reminded to register for
  PyCon US, and encourage others to do so.
- Barry proposed to the SC that they create a Work Group with a subset of
  the Python Security Response Team members and that group can help scope
  the future of the PSRT group. Everyone is fine with this.
- Steering Council discussed code of conduct situations around changing
  `master` to `main`. The group decided on a warning to S.D. that will be
  sent as a warning to all. Thomas is working on the initial draft.

# March 22
- Barry and Thomas checked-in on PEP 648's draft response, they will be
  sending it out soon.
- The SC reviewed PEP 644 more. Pablo raised a concern around users that can
  be in an env without OpenSSL 1.1.1 or newer and then not being able to use
  wheels. Pablo will email Christian to get clarification and will keep the
  SC informed.
- Steering Council discussed their keynote at PyCon US 2021. They would like
  to gather questions from the community. Ewa will create a Slido, which
  will be live from April 5 to 11th. SC will review questions on the 12th.
  The current plan is to record on April 19th.
- Steering Council discussed the response to Debian. Carol's done with her
  draft. Pablo is going to take a look at it to see if anything else needs
  to be added.
- SC discussed the behavior on python-dev@ pertaining to switching git from
  `master` to `main`.

# March 29
- The Steering Council accepted PEP 644 (Require OpenSSL 1.1.1 or newer)
- SC accepted PEP 652 (Maintaining the Stable ABI)
- SC checked in on the draft response for PEP 648 (Extensible customizations
  of the interpreter at startup), and the draft response to the Debian
  discussion.
- SC met with Ezio, PM for the GitHub Issues migration, to talk about
  status, progress and next steps, including keeping python-dev up to date.
