# July 5
- No regular meeting because of the US holiday.
- Most of the Steering Council met with Nathaniel Smith to discuss his
  alternative proposal for [PEP 654](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0654/)
  (Exception Groups and except *).
- Nathaniel and Carol will work to flesh out his proposal.

# July 12
- Steering Council discussed a clarification request from the PyPA folks
  around PEPs. It was determined that PyPA folks can sponsor their own PEPs.
  Brett informed them by responding to the comment.
- SC discussed the enum `repr()` and `str()` changes in 3.10 and 3.11.
- SC discussed [PEP 582](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0582/)
  (Python local packages directory).

# July 19
- Steering Council met with ﾅ「kasz, the Developer-in-Residence for the first
  time. The group discussed prioritization, balancing, and how to handle
  group requests. The Steering Council needs to handle prioritization if
  folks send ﾅ「kasz their lists of jobs. The group also discussed how this
  role is going to impact the strategic approach of merging issues from
  bugs.python.org to GitHub. A group Slack channel was created for ﾅ「kasz to
  have a way to ping the SC outside of email. The SC and ﾅ「kasz will meet
  every two weeks for now.
- Group discussed [PEP 649](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0649/)
  (Deferred Evaluation Of Annotations Using Descriptors) and typing in
  general. The group determined that they need to discuss the status of
  typing as part of the language, and write up a PEP to the community so the
  community knows how to proceed with typing PEPs.
- Steering Council will continue to review [PEP
  648](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0648/) (Extensible customizations
  of the interpreter at startup) and will discuss it via email.

# July 26
- The Steering Council discussed [PEP 648](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0648/)
  (Extensible customizations of the interpreter at startup) and decided the
  PEP needed more use cases and feedback from the community. The group is
  going to draft a response (reject it and tell them use cases are needed)
  and Barry will send it. If the PEP author provides use cases the SC can
  revisit the PEP later.
- The SC discussed [PEP 467](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0467/)
  (Minor API improvements for binary sequences) and decided that they will
  recommend removing the `bchr` builtin from the PEP and then the SC can
  review the revised PEP if the author wants to revisit it.
- Thomas created the private Python committers Discord and Pablo suggested
  we use it for the next virtual Sprint, which the group agrees with.

## Discussing PEPs in Threads Listed in the `Post-History` Header

- Review the PEP's `Post-History` header for discussion threads.
- Discuss PEPs in the appropriate threads to gather community feedback and insights.
- Emphasize the importance of community feedback and discussion.
