# December 6

- The Steering Council met with Łukasz to discuss his progress and also
  introduced Ee to the meeting since Ee will be taking PSF lead on supporting
  Łukasz going forward. Łukasz updated the team on CLA work, testing Irit's PR
  for Exception Groups, adding a new triager, and giving a keynote at the PyCode
  Conference.
- The Steering Council discussed the [issue Jason
  posted](https://github.com/python/steering-council/issues/89) about
  deprecating importlib.resources legacy API. It was decided that Brett would
  respond to the comment stating that Jason is following policy and that the SC
  is satisfied, but that the larger discussion on changing the policy should
  happen on python-dev. The group also discussed how Python's deprecation
  policy impacts users and library authors.
- The group said their goodbyes on Ewa's last day.

# December 13

- The Steering Council met with Ezio. There is no full import from BPO yet, but
  he will create one this week. The final migration is still tentatively
  scheduled for mid-January. Ezio will loop in Thomas on meetings with GitHub,
  which Ewa previously attended, or other SC members if Thomas can't make it.
- The SC prepared for a Talk Python podcast recording after the meeting.

# December 13 (handoff meeting)

- The old Steering Council and the New Steering Council met for the handoff
  meeting.
- The SC discussed several aspects on how it has operated so far.
- The SC received an updated from Thomas on the status on the search for a new
  PSF director.
- The SC briefly reflected and discussed the diversity in the Steering
  Council and how to improve the situation in the future. This topic will be
  discussed further in the future.
- The SC approved a request for a wording change in [PEP 654 - Exception
  groups](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0654/).
- The SC had an overview of unresolved issues: definition/rules for the
  standard library, split in communication channels and the situation regarding
  type annotations with PEP 563 and 649.
- The new SC decided to use discord as a new communication channel.
- The SC discussed the status on the GitHub issues migration and what to do
  next to push the work forward.
