# SC meeting summary - May 2022

## 2022-05-02

* SC members who attended PyCon US gave a summary of the Language Summit.
* The SC discussed topics brought up at the Summit:
  * Removing the GIL and switching to mimalloc
  * Subinterpreters
  * WebAssembly
  * Lazy imports
  * Typing PEPs – [563](https://peps.python.org/pep-0563/) (Postponed Evaluation of Annotations)
    & [649](https://peps.python.org/pep-0649/) (Deferred Evaluation Of Annotations Using Descriptors)
  * Switching to discuss.python.org
  * Supporting core mentorship

## 2022-05-09

* 4 SC members present
* The SC met with the Developer in Residence:
  * Łukasz reported on his PyCon keynote & upcoming talks in Lithuania & Dublin
  * Łukasz reported on issues with the new CLA bot
* SC members who were at PyCon reported on the conference.
* The SC discussed [PEP 687](https://peps.python.org/pep-0687/) (isolating modules)
  and [PEP 689](https://peps.python.org/pep-0689/) (Unstable C API tier),
  postponed decision until all members give their opinion
* The SC discussed [PEP 690](https://peps.python.org/pep-0690/) (Lazy Imports),
  though it’s not ready for the SC yet.
  * This prompted a meta-discussion: should SC members participate in PEP discussions
    (and risk being misrepresented as the voice of the SC),
    or not (and only point out issues in the SC review)?
    There are differing opinions.
    We definitely need to be careful with wording.
* The SC discussed GIL removal.
  Many unsolved issues remain, no one seems to want to turn the
  proof of concept into PEPs and pull requests.

## 2022-05-16

Meeting was skipped. Only 2 SC members could make it.

## 2022-05-23

* 3 SC members present
* The SC met with the PSF Executive Director, Director of Infrastructure and
  the Developer-in-Residence and discussed funding security for CPython and
  the Python ecosystem, and potentially finding a project manager to help
  the Python Security Response Team mailing list.
* The Developer-in-Residence gave the SC an update on current work.
* The DiR, the PSF ED and the SC discussed the current state of
  the new CLA bot and the legal ramifications of the switch.
* The SC discussed how to support mentoring by and among Core Developers with
  the Executive Director.
* The SC discussed [PEP 689](https://peps.python.org/pep-0689/) (Unstable C API tier)
* The SC accepted [PEP 687](https://peps.python.org/pep-0687/) (Isolating modules in the standard library)
* The SC discussed improving the bus factor situation around Python releases.

## 2022-05-30

* The SC discussed [PEP 689](https://peps.python.org/pep-0689/) (Unstable C API tier)
  and decided to accept it provided that the unstable API has underscore-prefixed names.
* The SC accepted [PEP 681](https://peps.python.org/pep-0681/) (Data Class Transforms).
* The SC discussed the role and governance of the Python Security Response Team.
