# SC meeting summary - January 2022

## 2022-01-03

* The SC met with Łukasz & Ee and discussed:
  * How to choose PRs to work on
  * Bot reliability
  * Increasing quota for Discourse
  * GitHub issue migration
* The SC discussed project management for the GitHub issue migration. (The Developer-in-Residence can look into it, but that means there’ll be less time for other duties.)

* The SC discussed its lack of diversity, Diversity & Inclusion, and how it can represent the interests of the entire community.

* The SC discussed how to handle PEP 659 (Specializing Adaptive Interpreter) and how to handle similar informational PEPs in general.

* The SC discussed getting Petr and Greg up to speed.

## 2022-01-10

* The Steering Council discussed the GitHub Issues migration, and has asked the Developer-in-Residence to take on some of the work for it.
* The SC discussed PEP 646, which was changed since the previous SC accepted it. Petr will send out a couple of questions about it.
* The SC discussed PEP 620, Eric Snow’s draft PEP on isolated subinterpreters, and how to handle such big overarching plans in general. The SC will start by creating a clearer guideline for when a PEP is required.

## 2022-01-17

* The Steering Council discussed the GitHub Issues migration with the Developer-in-Residence and got some status updates. Some issues and expectations were discussed and clarified.
* The SC discussed PEP 646 and decided that it should be accepted.
* The SC discussed PEP 673 and decided that it should be accepted.
* The SC started to discuss PEP 638 and after some initial considerations it was decided that the discussion will continue in the next meeting.
* The SC decided that it would be a good idea to schedule PEP review at some near point in the future.
* The SC discussed the possibility of doing a PyCon US keynote. Petr and Brett said that they won’t attend and the group decided that it was ok if Thomas, Greg and Pablo do it. It was decided that we should get questions online and on stage. Thomas will talk with Jackie to start organizing it.

## 2022-01-24

* Met with Loren from the PSF.
* Accepted PEP 673 (Self type).
* Barry approved as the PEP delegate for PEP 676 (PEP Infrastructure Process).
* Discussed PEP 670 (Convert macros to functions in the Python C API).

## 2022-01-31

* The SC met with Łukasz & Ee and discussed:

  * GH issue migration
  * CLA bot
  * Freezing the main branch while buildbots stabilize
  * Looking for a release manager for 3.12
* The SC discussed if freezing the main branch was OK, and unanimously agreed that it was.

* The SC discussed PEP 677 (Callable Type Syntax) and PEP 670 (Convert macros to functions in the Python C API) and decided to try drafting replies asynchronously.
